update vault mssql docs (#2267)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/docs/secrets/databases/mssql.mdx

~> **Be aware!** If no `revocation_statement` is supplied,
vault will execute the default revocation procedure.
This procedure utilizes a procedure utilizes a
metadata query that is **scoped to the database defined in your `connection_url`**.

> If your `creation_statements` create users in a different database, they will not be detected or removed automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The revocation procedure uses a metadata query scoped to the database defined in
`connection_url`. If your statements create users in a different database, Vault
cannot detect or remove those users automatically.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in active voice, use simple language, avoid using bold for emphasis, avoid using parameter names as standard English words
